Once you've implemented market dispersion,
create the object and apply
two separate smoothing operations using simple moving average.
You can click on the link for the documentation.
So one simple moving average is for one month,
which is 20 trading days,
and the other is for a six month,
which is 120 trading days.
Then, you see there's code to add these two features to the pipeline.
So just some quick hints.
When you instantiate market dispersion,
remember you probably need to set the mask to something.
When you implement simple moving average,
you're going to be setting the inputs to something,
and you're going to be setting the window length to something.
Okay? So these are just some hints to help you get started.
Try it out yourself and when you're done,
check out the solution video. Thanks.